docs: add cardinality explorer blog post (#3198)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/README.md

Cardinality explorer is built on top of [/api/v1/status/tsdb](#tsdb-stats).

See [cardinality explorer playground](https://play.victoriametrics.com/select/accounting/1/6a716b0f-38bc-4856-90ce-448fd713e3fe/prometheus/graph/#/cardinality).

> See also [Cardinality explorer](https://victoriametrics.com/blog/cardinality-explorer/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example of using the cardinality explorer [here](https://victoriametrics.com/blog/cardinality-explorer/).
```
